The zrsuper.cell and zrsuper.param are both input files to run a geometry optimisation for Zr 222 super 
cell. 
The .cell file just contains what the lattice constants are, for your input element, and the fractional 
coordinates of where the atoms, in the super cell, lie with relation to the lattice parameter.
The .param file decides how the simulation will run. 
There isn't that much documentation about castep, but there are some good starting points at:
http://www.castep.org/CASTEP/OnlineTutorials
http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/castep/Geom_Opt/GEOM_OPT.html

The geometry optimisation is normally run to reach the most suitable geometry once it has been relaxed. 
However, to makesure that you are getting reasonable data, the input must first be converged. 
This is to determine that you are using a reasonable cut off energy for your system and a good enough 
sampling system of k-points, so that you reach a minimized plateau, i.e. that the result you are outputting 
does not change drastically with a change in k-point and cut off energy. 

To test the if your system in converged, the cut off energy should be varied from e.g. 200eV to 1400eV. 
Running a single point calculation, plot the total energy of the system against the cut off energy. The 
energy at which the total energy reaches a plateau should be used as the converged cut-off energy. The 
cut-off energy convergence is normally run using a small k-point sampling such as kpoint gird of 111 to 
save computational cost. 
The same should be run but with a low cut-off energy (100eV) and vary the kpoint grid. 
Again, by plotting the total energy against the number of k-points, an optimum number of sampling points is 
used for the converged system. 

These two inputs should be used for the geometry optimisation or any other simulation. 
If the system has changed, such as increasing the supercell size, the convergence will have to be run 
again, as a smaller number of kpoints might be more efficient in your calculation. 

Luckily a convergence program has been developed, which can be run for a chosen number of k-points and 
cut-off energy, without having to generate several input files yourself. 
https://ccpforge.cse.rl.ac.uk/gf/project/castepconv/frs/?action=FrsReleaseView&release_id=359 
